Welcome to the third challenge of the section 19 part of the course.
I mean the section 19 workspace in the challenge underscore three project and this is the project that
I'm supplying to you.
The challenge underscore 300 square solution project will have my solution which I'll go over in the
next video.
This challenge is all about finding words in files.
So the idea here is for you to ask the user to enter a word and then you're going to search the text
of the Romeo and Juliet play by Shakespeare to see how many times that word is found in the text.
OK.
And I'm supplying the Romeo and Juliet text you can see it right here and you can get this from Shakespeare
at MIT dot edu.
And there's the entire play.
It's a very long play but you can see that there's all kinds of words in here and what we want to do
is we want to ask the user to enter a word.
So for example suppose we asked to use it to enter the word and the user enters love.
So in this case I want to match any word that has love in it as a substring.
So love will match.
Lovely will match be loved will match and so forth.
Now you decide whether you want to be case sensitive or not.
My solution is case sensitive.
If you are going to do a case insensitive solution you'd have to write a little extra code.
But here's a few sample runs into the substring to search for the user enters love and the results are
twenty five thousand nine hundred nineteen words were searched and the substring love was found 171
times.
Now you'll get a different result if the user typed in love with a capital of course because my results
are case sensitive.
If the user enters Romeo with a capital R will find it 132 times.
Obviously we're searching the same number of words every time.
If they typed in Juliet with a capital J it's going to find it forty nine times.
And unfortunately my name is not in this place if you type in Frank with a capital F..
It's found zero times.
OK so that's it.
Now I'll give you a sample run of this.
So what's the substring I want to search for.
Well let's search for Romeo.
Lowercase.
That shouldn't be in there and you can see we found a zero time.
He could also see how quick this is.
Let's run it one more time and let's say I want to search for Romeo uppercase.
In this case it will be there.
It's on a couple of the captions.
Actually a lot of times we found it 208 times so that's it.
It's pretty straightforward challenge.
I'm giving you no hints here.
You decide how to read this file whether you want to read it or a line at a time or word of a time a
character at a time.
It's up to you and also how you can figure out that substring.
Remember at this point we should be using modern C++.
We should be using character arrays or character pointers.
We should be using stood String objects write C++ String objects so make sure you use those.
That's it.
Have fun.
Post your solution if you like.
It's actually pretty straightforward.
The only tricky piece is finding that substring in the string.
All right so I'll see you on the other side with the solution.